=head1 NAME

C<fb> - a client for http://paste.xinu.at

=head1 SYNOPSIS

fb [switches] [options] [<file(s)|ID(s)|folder(s)>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<fb> is a client to http://paste.xinu.at which allows the user to easily upload,
delete or download files. 

By default, files will be uploaded as-is and a link to the file will be printed
to stdout after each upload. At the end C<fb> will try to copy all links into the
X clipboard if xclip is installed.

Folders will be tar'ed and the resulting upload.tar file will be uploaded.

If no arguments are given, C<fb> will read data from stdin into a temporary file
which will be uploaded once EOF is received.

If the file being uploaded is bigger than 10MB C<fb> will query the server for the
maximum upload size and abort the upload in case the file would be rejected.

=head1 SWITCHES

-d
   Delete the IDs. You can no longer upload files in this mode.

-g 
   Download the IDs and output on stdout. Please take care when using this,
   as binary data can cause unexpected results when being output directly 
   to a terminal. You can no longer upload files in this mode.

-t 
   Upload a tar file containing all files and directories specified on the
   command line. 

-h 
   Display a short help message.


=head1 OPTIONS

-e <extension>
   Change the extension used for highlighting. You can also do this if you
   have already uploaded the file by appending the extension to the URL.
   http://paste.xinu.at/<ID>/bash will change the syntax highlighting to bash.

-c
   Enable compression of the uploaded files. This affects all files including 
   piped content and folders. 

   Specify this option once to use gzip or two times to use xz.

=head1 EXAMPLES

fb -tc <folder> <file>
  This will create a .tar archive containing the folder and the file and compress
  it using gzip and upload one archive.

fb -c <folder> <file>
  This will create a .tar archive of the folder only, compress both using gzip, the archive
  and the file and upload both independently.

fb -cc <folder>
  This will create a .tar archive containing only the folder and compress it using xz.
